README.md, before:

<div id="top"></div>
<!--
*** Thanks for checking out the Best-README-Template. If you have a suggestion
*** that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request
*** or simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
*** Don't forget to give the project a star!
*** Thanks again! Now go create something AMAZING! :D
-->



<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
<!--
*** I'm using markdown "reference style" links for readability.
*** Reference links are enclosed in brackets [ ] instead of parentheses ( ).
*** See the bottom of this document for the declaration of the reference variables
*** for contributors-url, forks-url, etc. This is an optional, concise syntax you may use.
*** https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links
-->
[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![MIT License][license-shield]][license-url]
[![LinkedIn][linkedin-shield]][linkedin-url]



<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
<h3 align="center">Haiku Playground</h3>

  <p align="center">
    My personal playground for exploring the capabilities of Haiku and JAX.
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/ChrisKalahiki/Haiku-Playground/wiki"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/ChrisKalahiki/Haiku-Playground">View Demo</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/ChrisKalahiki/Haiku-Playground/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/ChrisKalahiki/Haiku-Playground/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>



<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
    <li><a href="#acknowledgments">Acknowledgments</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>



<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

<!-- [![Product Name Screen Shot][product-screenshot]](https://example.com)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p> -->



### Built With

* [Python](https://www.python.org/)
* [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
* [Make](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/)
* [JAX](https://jax.readthedocs.io/)
* [Haiku](https://dm-haiku.readthedocs.io/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.
To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

This project has a few pre-requisites before you can get up and running. They are as follows:
1. [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
2. [Python 3.6+](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
3. [Make](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/)

### Installation

1. Clone the repo
  ```sh
  git clone https://github.com/ChrisKalahiki/Haiku-Playground.git
  ```
2. Enter the cloned directory
  ```sh
  cd Haiku-Playground
  ```
5. Build and run the Docker image.
  ```sh
  make all
  ```

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->
## Usage

<!-- Use this space to show useful examples of how a project can be used. Additional screenshots, code examples and demos work well in this space. You may also link to more resources. -->

COMING SOON!!!

<!-- _For more examples, please refer to the [Documentation](https://example.com)_ -->

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- LICENSE -->
## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

Chris Kalahiki - [@ChrisKalahiki](https://twitter.com/@ChrisKalahiki) - chris.kalahiki@gmail.com

Project Link: [https://github.com/ChrisKalahiki/Haiku-Playground](https://github.com/ChrisKalahiki/Haiku-Playground)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS -->
## Acknowledgments

* [Chris Kalahiki](https://www.chriskalahiki.info/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->
[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/ChrisKalahiki/Haiku-Playground.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/ChrisKalahiki/Haiku-Playground/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/ChrisKalahiki/Haiku-Playground.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/ChrisKalahiki/Haiku-Playground/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/ChrisKalahiki/Haiku-Playground.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/ChrisKalahiki/Haiku-Playground/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/ChrisKalahiki/Haiku-Playground.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/ChrisKalahiki/Haiku-Playground/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/ChrisKalahiki/Haiku-Playground.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/ChrisKalahiki/Haiku-Playground/blob/master/LICENSE
[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&colorB=555
[linkedin-url]: https://linkedin.com/in/chriskalahiki
[product-screenshot]: images/screenshot.png

Commit message:

readme updated to reflect docker not being set up.

README.md, after:

<div id="top"></div>
<!--
*** Thanks for checking out the Best-README-Template. If you have a suggestion
*** that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request
*** or simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
*** Don't forget to give the project a star!
*** Thanks again! Now go create something AMAZING! :D
-->



<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
<!--
*** I'm using markdown "reference style" links for readability.
*** Reference links are enclosed in brackets [ ] instead of parentheses ( ).
*** See the bottom of this document for the declaration of the reference variables
*** for contributors-url, forks-url, etc. This is an optional, concise syntax you may use.
*** https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links
-->
[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![MIT License][license-shield]][license-url]
[![LinkedIn][linkedin-shield]][linkedin-url]



<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
<h3 align="center">Haiku Playground</h3>

  <p align="center">
    My personal playground for exploring the capabilities of Haiku and JAX.
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/ChrisKalahiki/Haiku-Playground/wiki"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/ChrisKalahiki/Haiku-Playground">View Demo</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/ChrisKalahiki/Haiku-Playground/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/ChrisKalahiki/Haiku-Playground/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>



<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
    <li><a href="#acknowledgments">Acknowledgments</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>



<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

<!-- [![Product Name Screen Shot][product-screenshot]](https://example.com)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p> -->



### Built With

* [Python](https://www.python.org/)
<!-- * [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) -->
<!-- * [Make](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/) -->
* [Jupyter Notebook](https://jupyter.org/)
* [JAX](https://jax.readthedocs.io/)
* [Haiku](https://dm-haiku.readthedocs.io/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

To get started, you'll need to install the dependencies listed in the [Requirements](#requirements) section. Then you can run the commands listed in the [Installation](#installation) section to get started.

**Disclaimer:** This is a work in progress. Additionally, at this time, the `jaxlib` package for this project is supported for Linux (Ubuntu 16.04 or later) and macOS (10.12 or later) platforms. Windows users can use JAX on CPU and GPU via the Windows Subsystem for Linux. More information on the `jaxlib` package and it's installation requirements can be found [here](https://github.com/google/jax#installation).

### Prerequisites

This project has a few pre-requisites before you can get up and running. They are as follows:
1. [Python 3.6+](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
2. [Jupyter Notebook](https://jupyter.org/)
<!-- 2. [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) -->
<!-- 3. [Make](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/) -->

### Installation

  **Disclaimer:** We intend to make this project as easy to use as possible. As such, we hope to migrate to a fully containerized environment in the future. For the time being, users will be asked to install the dependencies listed in the `requirements.txt` file provided in this repository manually.

1. Clone the repo
  ```sh
  git clone https://github.com/ChrisKalahiki/Haiku-Playground.git
  ```
2. Enter the cloned directory
  ```sh
  cd Haiku-Playground
  ```
3. Install the dependencies
  ```sh
  pip install -r requirements.txt
  ```
4. Run the notebook
  ```sh
  jupyter notebook
  ```
<!-- 3. Build and run the Docker image.
  ```sh
  make all
  ``` -->

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->
## Usage

<!-- Use this space to show useful examples of how a project can be used. Additional screenshots, code examples and demos work well in this space. You may also link to more resources. -->

COMING SOON!!!

<!-- _For more examples, please refer to the [Documentation](https://example.com)_ -->

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- LICENSE -->
## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

Chris Kalahiki - [@ChrisKalahiki](https://twitter.com/@ChrisKalahiki) - chris.kalahiki@gmail.com

Project Link: [https://github.com/ChrisKalahiki/Haiku-Playground](https://github.com/ChrisKalahiki/Haiku-Playground)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS -->
## Acknowledgments

* [Chris Kalahiki](https://www.chriskalahiki.info/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->
[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/ChrisKalahiki/Haiku-Playground.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/ChrisKalahiki/Haiku-Playground/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/ChrisKalahiki/Haiku-Playground.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/ChrisKalahiki/Haiku-Playground/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/ChrisKalahiki/Haiku-Playground.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/ChrisKalahiki/Haiku-Playground/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/ChrisKalahiki/Haiku-Playground.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/ChrisKalahiki/Haiku-Playground/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/ChrisKalahiki/Haiku-Playground.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/ChrisKalahiki/Haiku-Playground/blob/master/LICENSE
[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&colorB=555
[linkedin-url]: https://linkedin.com/in/chriskalahiki
[product-screenshot]: images/screenshot.png
